Update documentation for GitHub App and Configuration Flags (#1095)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/access-credentials.md

:::

### GitHub app

::: warning

> Available in versions **newer** than 0.13.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available in Atlantis versions **newer** than 0.13.0.
```

Just to be clear we're not talking about github versions here.

:::

> #### User

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The installation suggestions differ if you're installing into a user account or an organization.

#### User
```

Just set up this section so folks know what the heading means.

- Start Atlantis with fake github username and token (`atlantis server --gh-user fake --gh-token fake --repo-whitelist 'github.com/your-org/*' --atlantis-url https://$ATLANTIS_HOST`)
- Visit `https://$ATLANTIS_HOST/github-app/setup` and click on **Setup** to create the app on Github. You'll be redirected back to Atlantis
- A link to install your app, along with its secrets, will be shown on the screen. Record your app's credentials and install your app for your user/org by following said link.
- Create a file with the contents of the GitHub App Key, e.g. `atlantis-app-key.pem`
- Restart Atlantis with new flags: `atlantis server --gh-app-id <your id> --gh-app-key-file atlantis-app-key.pem --gh-webhook-secret <your secret> --write-git-creds --repo-whitelist 'github.com/your-org/*' --atlantis-url https://$ATLANTIS_HOST`.

  NOTE: You can also create a config file instead of using flags. See [Server Configuration](/docs/server-configuration.html#config-file).

::: warning
Only a single installation per Github App is supported at the moment.
:::

#### Organization

> Follow the steps for the user and go to the users' **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps for User installation above and in addition:
```

> - Click **Developer Settings** in the left menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to the users' **Settings**.
- Click **Developer Settings** in the left menu
```
